Adding the rook-jenkins-update.yml and rearranging the role (#634)
ceph/ceph-cm-ansible: roles/rook/README.rst

Rook

> ========

Reviewer: You should have an equal number of `=` characters as there are letters above it.

```
Rook
====
```

Author: Updated the readme file

This role is used for updating and recovering the rook jenkins in the rook ci vpc.

Those are the functions in this role are
rook-jenkins-update - Updating the jenkins app to the version that is defined in the "jenkins_master_image" varible
rook-os-update - Updating the packages of the rook jenkins OS

> rook-recovery - Recoverying the Prod-jenkins from the image defined in the "image" varible in a case that the instance was deleted

Reviewer: Find a way to nicely display the role names and functions so they're not all the same font.  Maybe bullet points with the role names bold.

Usage
+++++

The rook role is primarily used by the ``rook.yml`` playbook.  Run this playbook with one of the optional tags listed in the ``rook.yml``
to upgrade rook jenkins os/app or recoverying the instance from latest image

**NOTE:** ``rook.yml`` Is currently using only localhost and not any host from the inventory in the inventory this is because the rook-recovery creates and configures the rook jenkins during his run.

> **NOTE:** After running play with the rook-recovery tag you will need to make the new recoverd instance available the to public network once the instance is deployed, by adding it to the load balancing target group under the rook ci vpc access details to the aws dashboard can be found in here http://wiki.ceph.redhat.com/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=rook_aws_account

Reviewer: Need a blank line between the NOTEs.

Examples

> +++++

Reviewer: ```
Examples
++++++++
```

Author: Updated the readme file

Updating the rook jenkins app to version 2.289.1

> ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-jenkins-update" --extra-vars="jenkins_master_image=jenkins/jenkins:2.289.1"

Reviewer: Format this like the `Variables` below.

e.g.,
```
Updating the rook jenkins app to version 2.289.1::

    ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-jenkins-update" --extra-vars="jenkins_master_image=jenkins/jenkins:2.289.1"

```

Author: Updated the readme file

>     ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-jenkins-update" --extra-vars="jenkins_master_image=jenkins/jenkins:2.289.1"

Reviewer: I think you need a space between the lines for it to render correctly.

Updating the rook jenkins OS packages::
    ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-os-update"

Variables
+++++++++

Available variables are listed below
These overrides are included by ``tasks/vars.yml``.

The rook jenkins version::

    jenkins_master_image: jenkins/jenkins:2.289.1

The rook jenkins ssh keyi-pair defined in the aws dashboard::

    keypair: root-jenkins-new-key

The rook jenkins instance type::

    master_instance_type: m4.large

The rook jenkins instance aws security group::

    security_group: rook-jenkins-group

The rook jenkins instance aws region::

    region: us-east-1

The rook jenkins instance aws vpc subnet id::

    vpc_subnet_id: subnet-c72b609b

The rook jenkins image this is the backup image used when creating the recovery the rook jenkins::

    image: ami-0aaf5dbaa4cbe5771

The rook jenkins instance name, used by the rook-recovery play when creating the instance from image::

    instance_name: Recovery-Rook-Jenkins

A list of the rook jenkins aws instance tags, used by the rook-recovery play when creating the instance from image::

    aws_tags:
      Name: "{{ instance_name }}"
      Application: "Jenkins"

> The rook jenkins running aws instance name  

Reviewer: Missing :: at the end

    master_name: Prod-Jenkins

> The rook jenkins instance ssh key

Reviewer: Missing :: at the end

Rook
====

This role is used for updating and recovering the rook jenkins in the rook ci vpc.

Those are the functions in this role are

- rook-jenkins-update For updating rook jenkins version to the version defined in the "jenkins_master_image" varible

- rook-os-update For updating rook jenkins OS packages

- rook-recovery For recoverying the Prod-jenkins instance from the image defined in the "image" varible in a case that the instance was deleted or crashed

Usage
+++++

The rook role is primarily used by the ``rook.yml`` playbook.  Run this playbook with one of the optional tags listed in the ``rook.yml``

> to upgrade rook jenkins os/app or recoverying the instance from latest image

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "recoverying the instance from latest image" means.

> **NOTE:** ``rook.yml`` Is currently using only localhost and not any host from the inventory in the inventory this is because the rook-recovery creates and configures the rook jenkins during his run.

Reviewer: Maybe "``rook.yml`` runs all tasks on localhost (your workstation) since the IP, authorization, etc. will change when the VPS is replaced"

> **NOTE:** After running play with the rook-recovery tag you will need to make the new recoverd instance available the to public network once the instance is deployed, by adding it to the load balancing target group under the rook ci vpc access details to the aws dashboard can be found in here http://wiki.ceph.redhat.com/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=rook_aws_account

Reviewer: 1. s/rook-recovery/``rook-recovery``
2. s/recoverd/recovered
3. Split this into sentences.  Maybe "instance is deployed.  To do this, add it to the load balancing target group" ...

Rook
====

This role is used for updating and recovering the rook jenkins in the rook ci vpc.

Those are the functions in this role are

**rook-jenkins-update**  For updating rook jenkins version to the version defined in the "jenkins_master_image" varible

**rook-os-update**  For updating rook jenkins OS packages

> **rook-recovery**  For recoverying the Prod-jenkins instance from the image defined in the "image" varible in a case that the instance was deleted or crashed

Reviewer: Sorry, can you make these bullet points and either add a colon or " - " between the title and description?

Usage
+++++

The rook role is primarily used by the ``rook.yml`` playbook.  Run this playbook with one of the optional tags listed in the ``rook.yml``
to upgrade rook jenkins os/app or recoverying the instance from latest image

**NOTE:** ``rook.yml`` Is currently using only localhost and not any host from the inventory in the inventory this is because the rook-recovery creates and configures the rook jenkins during his run.

**NOTE:** After running play with the rook-recovery tag you will need to make the new recoverd instance available the to public network once the instance is deployed, by adding it to the load balancing target group under the rook ci vpc access details to the aws dashboard can be found in here http://wiki.ceph.redhat.com/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=rook_aws_account

Examples
++++++++

Updating the rook jenkins app to version 2.289.1::

    ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-jenkins-update" --extra-vars="jenkins_master_image=jenkins/jenkins:2.289.1"

Updating the rook jenkins OS packages::

    ansible-playbook rook.yml --tags="rook-os-update"

Variables
+++++++++

Available variables are listed below

> These overrides are included by ``tasks/vars.yml``.

Reviewer: Make this one line.

Rook
====

This role is used for updating and recovering the rook jenkins in the rook ci vpc.

Those are the functions in this role are

- rook-jenkins-update For updating rook jenkins version to the version defined in the "jenkins_master_image" varible

- rook-os-update For updating rook jenkins OS packages

- rook-recovery For recoverying the Prod-jenkins instance from the image defined in the "image" varible in a case that the instance was deleted or crashed

Usage
+++++

The rook role is used by the ``rook.yml`` playbook.  Run this playbook with one of the optional tags listed in the tags section to upgrade rook jenkins OS packages/recover it from an image or update the rook jenkins app.

> **Pre-requisites:** Before running ``rook.yml`` make sure your ip address has ssh access to the vpc this is configured in the aws dashboard, "rook-jenkins-group" security group inbound roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pre-requisites:** Before running ``rook.yml``, make sure your IP address has ssh access to the VPC. This is configured in the [AWS dashboard](http://url.to.dashboard), under the "rook-jenkins-group" security group inbound rules.
```

> - The Rook-Recovery Playbook is used for deploying rook jenkins from an image in case of a crash/corruption, How-to-run this play:
>     - Run the playbook with the rook-recovery tag, then you will need to make the newly created instance available to the public network as explained in the next step.
> 
>     - Once the instance is deployed, Now add the deployed instance to the load balancing target group named "jenkins-rook-new" so that he will be available to the public network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Rook-Recovery Playbook is used for deploying rook jenkins from an image in case of a crash/corruption:
    # Run the playbook with the rook-recovery tag, then you will need to make the newly created instance available to the public network as explained in the next step.

    # Once the instance is deployed, Now add the deployed instance to the load balancing target group named "jenkins-rook-new" so that he will be available to the public network.
```

Rook
====

This role is used for updating and recovering the rook jenkins in the rook ci vpc.

Those are the functions in this role are

- rook-jenkins-update For updating rook jenkins version to the version defined in the "jenkins_master_image" varible

- rook-os-update For updating rook jenkins OS packages

- rook-recovery For recoverying the Prod-jenkins instance from the image defined in the "image" varible in a case that the instance was deleted or crashed

Usage
+++++

The rook role is primarily used by the ``rook.yml`` playbook.  Run this playbook with one of the optional tags listed in the ``rook.yml``
to upgrade OS packages/recover from image or update the jenkins app on the rook jenkins.

**NOTE:** ``rook.yml`` Is currently using only localhost and not any host from the inventory this is because the rook-recovery play deploys and configures the rook jenkins during his run.

**NOTE:** Before running ``rook.yml`` make sure your ip address has ssh access to the vpc this is configured from the aws dashboard, "rook-jenkins-group" security group inbound roles.

> - Deploying rook jenkins from image in case of a crash/corruption

Reviewer: Take a look at how this is getting rendered: https://github.com/ceph/ceph-cm-ansible/blob/31323d80631a20f096d2270b2e1a5b8ab4b2026a/roles/rook/README.rst#usage

I'd like for it to be cleaner.  Here's an online tool I've found helpful to help write rst: http://rst.ninjs.org/#

> rook-recovery

Reviewer: The README needs to explain what all of the **variables** and **tags** are/do.  See https://github.com/ceph/ceph-cm-ansible/tree/master/roles/testnode#usage and below.

It'd be helpful to have example commands under the **Usage** section along with what they do.  You already sort of have that in lines 7-9.  Just provide an example command.

Author: Updated the readme file
